docs: global model provider feature (#11231)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-models.mdx

The following example uses a language model component in a chatbot flow similar to the **Basic Prompting** template.

1. <PartialGlobalModelProviders />

>     :::tip My preferred provider or model isn't listed

Reviewer: Repeat comment: may want to edit this tip WRT the new config.

>     If you want to use a provider or model that isn't built-in to the **Language Model** core component, you can replace this component with any [additional language model](#additional-language-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use a provider or model that isn't built-in to Langflow's global <Icon name="BrainCog" aria-hidden="true" /> **Models**, you can replace the **Language Model** component with any [additional language model component](#additional-language-models).
```

>     Browse <Icon name="Blocks" aria-hidden="true" /> [**Bundles**](/components-bundle-components) or <Icon name="Search" aria-hidden="true" /> **Search** for your preferred provider to find additional language models.

Reviewer: Completely optional, if you want to add even more alternative routes:

```suggestion
    Browse <Icon name="Blocks" aria-hidden="true" /> [**Bundles**](/components-bundle-components) or <Icon name="Search" aria-hidden="true" /> **Search** for your preferred provider to find additional language models.

    Alternatively, you can use Ollama to host your preferred model, and then configure your Ollama service in Langflow's global <Icon name="BrainCog" aria-hidden="true" /> **Models**.
    Or, create your own custom component to support any provider and model of your choice, and then use your custom component in place of the **Language Model** core component. As a shortcut, use an existing language model component as the basis for your custom component.
```

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|

> | provider | String | Input parameter. The model provider to use. Models are configured globally in the **Models** pane. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| provider | String | Input parameter. The model provider to use. Options depend on your global <Icon name="BrainCog" aria-hidden="true" /> **Models** configuration. |
```
